Add section to Flask docs on working with LocalProxy instances (#1018)
osohq/oso: docs/content/python/reference/frameworks/flask.md

request.** This can be controlled with
`set_unauthorized_action()`.

> If using specializers in the Polar policy, such as with a `User` class:
> 
> ```polar
> allow(_actor: User, action: "GET", resource: Request{path: "/"})
> ```
> 
> ... an extra step may need to be taken when using a library or authentication framework (like Flask Login)
> that exposes the current user through `LocalProxy` objects (such as `current_user`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Working with `LocalProxy` objects

When using a library that exposes the current user (or similar
authorization data) through `LocalProxy` objects, such as [Flask-Login][]'s
`current_user`, you might need to explicitly dereference the proxy
to pass the underlying object to Oso:

[Flask-Login]: https://flask-login.readthedocs.io/en/0.4.1/#flask_login.current_user
```

> If using specializers in the Polar policy, such as with a `User` class:
> 
> ```polar
> allow(_actor: User, action: "GET", resource: Request{path: "/"})
> ```
> 
> ... an extra step may need to be taken when using a library or authentication framework (like Flask Login)
> that exposes the current user through `LocalProxy` objects (such as `current_user`).
> 
> ```python
> from flask_login import current_user
> 
> def create_app():
>     app = Flask("app")
> 
>     flask_oso.init_app(app)
>     flask_oso.require_authorization(app)
>     # Dereference the current_user LocalProxy
>     flask_oso.set_get_actor(lambda: current_user._get_current_object())
> 
>     oso.load_file("authorization.polar")
>     oso.register_class(User)
>     return app
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Working with `LocalProxy` objects

When using a library that exposes the current user (or other
authorization data) through `LocalProxy` objects, such as [Flask-Login][]'s
`current_user`, you might need to explicitly dereference the proxy
to pass the underlying object to Oso:

[Flask-Login]: https://flask-login.readthedocs.io/en/0.4.1/#flask_login.current_user

```python
from flask_login import current_user

def create_app():
    app = Flask("app")

    flask_oso.init_app(app)
    flask_oso.require_authorization(app)
    # Dereference the current_user LocalProxy
    flask_oso.set_get_actor(lambda: current_user._get_current_object())

    oso.load_file("authorization.polar")
    oso.register_class(User)
    return app
```

By dereferencing the proxy, Oso will use the underlying object when determining
authorization instead of the proxy object.

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

By dereferencing the proxy, Oso will use the underlying object when determining
authorization instead of the proxy object.

```
